Add table aws_s3_object (#1623)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_s3_object.md

  arn,
  bucket_name,
  last_modified,
  storage_class,
  version_id
from
  aws_s3_object
where
  bucket_name = 'steampipe-test'
  and prefix = 'test/logs/2021/03/01/12/abc.txt';
```

### List all objects which are encrypted with CMK in a bucket

```sql
select
  key,
  arn,
  bucket_name,
  last_modified,
  storage_class,
  version_id
from
  aws_s3_object
where
  bucket_name = 'steampipe-test'
  and sse_kms_key_id is not null;
```

### List all objects which were not modified in the last 3 months in a bucket

```sql
select
  key,
  arn,
  bucket_name,
  last_modified,
  storage_class,
  version_id
from
  aws_s3_object
where
  bucket_name = 'steampipe-test'
  and last_modified < current_date - interval '3 months';
```

### List all objects in a bucket where any user other than the `OWNER` has `FULL_CONTROL`

```sql
select
  key,
  bucket_name,
  owner,
  acl_grant -> 'Grantee' as grantee,
  acl_grant ->> 'Permission' as permission
from
  aws_s3_object,
  jsonb_array_elements(aws_s3_object.acl -> 'Grants') as acl_grant
where
  bucket_name = 'steampipe-test'
  and acl_grant ->> 'Permission' = 'FULL_CONTROL'
  and acl_grant -> 'Grantee' ->> 'ID' != aws_s3_object.owner ->> 'ID';
```

> ### List all objects in a bucket where legal hold is on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List all objects in a bucket where the legal hold is enabled
```

Author: updated

```sql
select
  key,
  bucket_name,
  object_lock_legal_hold_status
from
  aws_s3_object
where
  bucket_name = 'steampipe-test'
  and object_lock_legal_hold_status = 'ON';
```

> ### List all objects in a bucket with governance lock mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List all objects in a bucket with governance lock mode enabled
```

Author: updated
